A crucial part of reigniting.
Are these components which are built into React Native.
Because as you'll learn in the first section of this course these are special components for which React
Native knows how to translate how to compile them to native platform widgets and you can only use such
components in React Native apps.
You can build your own components but these then also in the end have to be made up of these built in
components.
You can't use divs or paragraphs or anything like that.
So we have to work with the ones built into React Native because they are rig native knows how to translate
them and there we have things like The View text button touchable text input image.
These are some of the components you will see from this course.
There are more and we'll see plenty of them throughout the course and you will learn how to work with
those how to configure them and how to compose nice user interfaces with the help of these components.
Now you as a just mentioned of course build your user interfaces your custom components with the help
of these built in components here so you compose your user interface your components from these built
in components there and it looks something like this you build your own my title component by taking
the built in ones and mixing and matching them together to get the look or the component you need styling
all is an important part and React Native apps and there it's important to understand that React Native
doesn't use web technologies it doesn't use HD Himmel it uses javascript arguably but doesn't use HD
him and it also doesn't use C as s so CSX which you use for styling and the web is not support and react
native but it gives you styling commands styling configuration you can add to your components so to
these components that are built into React Native even with the help of inline styles or with so-called
style sheet objects and there you write these style instructions in javascript but you use a certain
text which is based on CSX so it's not directly related to CSX but of course it's influenced by CSX
many of the instructions you use here are inspired by CSX and many of the rules or of the properties
you know from CSX all the work here in JavaScript in your react native app now regarding the inline
styles vs. styles sheet objects thing I will show both but I will already say that using style sheet
object is preferred but I'll come back to that once we do use it.
And with that now do we know roughly what's up with components installing.
Why don't we just get started and start working with these things.